Write a new description and fixed some typos (#5651)
Codecademy/docs: content/cpp/concepts/methods/methods.md

---
Title: 'Methods'

> Description: 'C++ class methods are functions defined within a class, using dot notation to access and manipulate class members and behavior.'

Reviewer: This description is mostly good, it can just be improved a little bit to make it easy to read, as follows -

```suggestion
Description: 'C++ class methods are functions defined within a class and can be accessed using dot notation to manipulate class members and behaviour.'
```

  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> C++ class methods are functions defined within a class, using dot notation to access and manipulate class members and behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
C++ class **methods** are functions defined within a class, accessed via dot notation (`.`), and used to manipulate class members and behaviour.
```
